# Assignment III

1. Write C# code to declare a variable to store the age of a person. Then the output of the program is as an example shown below:
   You are 20 years old.

2. Write a C# program that asks the user to input three integer values and find the greatest value of the three values.
   a. Use if-else

3. Write C# code to prompt a user to input his/her first-name and then the output will be shown as an example below:
   Hello first-name!
   E.g. If ‘Ram’ is input, display ‘Hello Ram!’

4. Write a C# program that asks the user to input n integer values and find the greatest value of the n values.
   a. Use for
   b. Use if-else

5. Write a C# program which asks the user for two numbers and an operator to perform on them (+,-,x,/) and displays the result of that operation, as in this example:
   Enter first number: 5
   Enter operator: +
   Enter second number: 7
   Output: 5+7=12
   a. Use if-else
   b. Use switch

6. Write C# code to print the following pattern:
   1**\*\***
   12**\***
   123\***_
   1234_**
   12345\*_
   123456_
   1234567

7. Write a C# program that determines a student’s grade according to new SLC grading system. The program will read three types of scores(first-term score, mid-term score, and final score) and determine the grade based on the following rules:
   Grade A: if the average score >=90%
   Grade B: if the average score >= 70% and <90%
   Grade C: if the average score >= 50% and <70%
   Grade E: if the average score >= 35% and < 50%
   Grade F: if the average score < 35%
8. Write C# code to declare one integer variable, one float variable, and one string variable and assign 10, 12.5, and "50" to them respectively.
   a. Display their values on the screen.
   b. Add their values in floating point value and display the sum on the screen.
   c. Concatenate their values and display the output on the screen.

9. Write a C# program to allow a user to guess a number( from 1 to 6) that will be randomly generated by computer. If guess is correct, display “You won”. Otherwise display “You lose”.

10. Write a program to sort the given array in descending order and display the result.
    List<string> daysList = new List<string>
    {"January", "February", "March", "April", "May", "June", "July", "August", "September", "October", "November", "December"};
    Disclaimer: Do not copy, do it yourself
